feat: update charts for orphan resource auto deletion (#10831)
longhorn/longhorn: chart/README.md

| defaultSettings.nodeDownPodDeletionPolicy | Policy that defines the action Longhorn takes when a volume is stuck with a StatefulSet or Deployment pod on a node that failed. |
| defaultSettings.nodeDrainPolicy | Policy that defines the action Longhorn takes when a node with the last healthy replica of a volume is drained. |
| defaultSettings.offlineRelicaRebuilding | Enables automatic rebuilding of degraded replicas while the volume is detached. This setting only takes effect if the individual volume setting is set to `ignored` or `enabled`. |

> | defaultSettings.orphanResourceAutoDeletion | Setting that allows Longhorn to automatically delete an orphaned resource and the corresponding data or process (for example, stale replicas). Orphaned resources on failed or unknown nodes are not automatically cleaned up. Specify enabled resource types using a semicolon-separated list (Example: `replicaData;replicaInstance`). Available items are: `replicaData`, `engineInstance`, `replicaInstance`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| defaultSettings.orphanResourceAutoDeletion | Enables Longhorn to automatically delete orphaned resources and their associated data or processes (e.g., stale replicas). Orphaned resources on failed or unknown nodes are not automatically cleaned up. You need to specify the resource types to be deleted using a semicolon-separated list (e.g., `replicaData;replicaInstance`). Available items are: `replicaData`, `engineInstance`, `replicaInstance`. |
```
